:memo: Add system for review comments (#2254)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

To speed the process along, we may merge small changes such as spelling and formatting
into your branch.
Otherwise, we make suggestions and work with you to finalize the changes.
<!-- vale Platform.first-person = YES -->

### Review comment style

To make comments clearer, each comment should have an emoji label describing its purpose.
The following labels are used:

| Emoji | `:code:`              | Meaning      | Description |
| ----- | --------------------- | ------------ | ----------- |
| 👍/😍 | `:+1:`/`:heart_eyes:` | Praise       | Used when something is well done. No further action required. Should be at least one of these for each review. |
| ⛏️    | `:pick:`              | Nitpick      | For small details based on preferences. Doesn't block merging. |

> | 🛠️    | `:hammer_and_wrench:` | Suggestion   | To indicate an idea for improvement. By default, the suggestion needs to be accepted or otherwise addressed before merging. |

Reviewer: ❓ 💡 
As discussed during the weekly, maybe we could merge that one with the 💡 .
and add stuff like 🚫 or  ⚠️ for the blockers.
As you pointed out, it sounds "negative". 

Alternatively, we might just use the ❓ with any other emoji, to mark it as blocking?
So ❓ 💡  would be a blocking idea that needs discussion.
What do you think?

Author: I also think it's important that :bulb: represents a thought rather than an idea. An idea would be classified more as a suggestion.

> | 💅    | `:nail_car:`          | Polish       | To indicate an idea for improvement that isn't fixing something wrong, but just pointing out ways to improve quality. Doesn't block merging by default. |

Reviewer: ❓ 
What's the difference between the 💡 ? Is it just for look and feel?

> | 📋    | `:clipboard:`         | To-do         | For small, necessary changes, such as fixing typos. |

Reviewer: ❓ 
Could we merge that one with the 🧹 ? it feels a bit redundant.

Author: Example of a chore (assuming you thought the first draft of #2259 was perfect) would be to rerun the check for the PR so it could pass and merge. (I didn't bother to get the check working, cause I figured I'd have to change it anyway)

| ⛏️    | `:pick:`              | Nitpick      | ▶️          | For small details based on preferences. |
| 🛠️    | `:hammer_and_wrench:` | Suggestion   | 🚫         | To indicate a specific idea for improvement. By default, the suggestion needs to be accepted or otherwise addressed before merging. |
| 💅    | `:nail_car:`          | Polish       | ▶️          | To indicate a specific idea for improvement that isn't fixing something wrong, but just pointing out ways to improve quality. |
| 📋    | `:clipboard:`         | To-do        | 🚫         | For small, necessary changes, such as fixing typos. |
| 🐞    | `:lady_beetle:`       | Issue        | 🚫         | To highlight a specific issue that needs to be fixed. Can be paired with a suggestion if a solution is known. |
| ❓    | `:question:`          | Question     | 🚫         | For potential concerns that may not be relevant or for areas that aren't completely clear. By default, requires a response. |

The following labels are also possible:

| Emoji | `:code:`              | Meaning      | Can merge  | Description |
| ----- | --------------------- | ------------ | ---------- | ----------- |

> | 💡    | `:bulb:`              | Thought      | To introduce an idea that came up from reviewing. More general than a suggestion and not focused on the details. Doesn't block merging by default, but can lead to more discussion. |

Reviewer: :lady_beetle: The table is missing a column: the "can merge" column isn't present.

| 🧹    | `:broom:`             | Chore        | For small process tasks that need to be done before merging. |

The following decorations can be added for further clarification (to override default of blocking or not):

| Emoji | `:code:`          | Meaning      | Description |
| ----- | ----------------- | ------------ | ----------- |
| 🚫    | `:no_entry_sign:` | Blocking     | Used to indicate that the comment blocks merging. |

> | ▶️     | `:arrow_forward:` | Non-blocking | Used to indicate that the comment doesn't block merging. |

Reviewer: :hammer_and_wrench: I think using the non-ascii character might help to help clarify what's blocking from what isn't.

```suggestion
| ✅     | `:white_check_mark:` | Non-blocking | Used to indicate that the comment doesn't block merging. |
```

Author: To me, a check mark looks like it's something that has been resolved and therefore doesn't require any thought at all. I feel like that's different than a non-blocking comment, which can be skipped but isn't necessarily resolved yet. I think there might be something better than an arrow, so if you have other ideas I'd welcome them, but I'd probably avoid a check mark.

I'm not sure I get the non-ASCII part of the comment. The ASCII character would be →, no?

Reviewer: My phrasing was confusing, I assume I meant that the emoji version would be better than the triangle.
As propositions:
-  🆗 since it's ok to proceed 
-  ➡️ Because the flow is not disrupted
-  ⏸ since it's not "pausing" the process

Author: The triangle _is_ the emoji version, so I'm still not sure what the comment should mean.

The last suggestion is amusing to me since it's the opposite of how I think of it. This isn't pausing the process, so I wouldn't use pause here, but it could make sense for the blocking comment (and is thus less negative there). That way pause = block and play = continue.

Author: To clarify, the triangle is the emoji for the play button: https://emojipedia.org/play-button/ GitHub just gives it another name.

Reviewer: I like the idea of pause and play 🤔  So if you like it too, we can go with that?
